updated MASTG-TEST-0272 and Demo-0050 (#3322)
OWASP/owasp-mastg: techniques/android/MASTG-TECH-0131.md

> Although other tools like Maven exist, we will focus on [Gradle](https://developer.android.com/build/dependencies), the default build automation and dependency management tool in Android Studio.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Tools like @MASTG-TOOL-0131 can be integrated into build environments where they can inspect build configuration files, actual `.jar` files, and their metadata (e.g., version) to identify dependencies. These tools then compare the dependencies to a vulnerability database, such as the National Vulnerability Database (NVD), to identify known vulnerabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modern Android applications rely heavily on third-party libraries, making dependency security a critical concern. Software Composition Analysis (SCA) tools inspect dependency metadata, such as package names and versions, and compare it against public vulnerability databases, like the National Vulnerability Database (NVD), to help identify known vulnerabilities.

In Android development, dependencies are resolved and compiled during the build process and eventually become part of the app's DEX files. Therefore, it is essential to scan dependencies as they appear in the build environment, not just within the final APK. This approach ensures that all libraries, including transitive ones, are analyzed accurately.

Since dependencies are declared and resolved in the build environment, integrating SCA tools into the build system is the most effective strategy. [Gradle](https://developer.android.com/build/dependencies) is especially relevant in this context because it is the default build tool used by Android Studio and the most common dependency management system in Android projects.
```

> To test for dependencies with known vulnerabilities, integrate the @MASTG-TOOL-0131 plugin into the Android project via Gradle. The Android project's dependencies are located in the directory `~/.gradle/caches/modules-2/files-2.1` and not in the Android project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using @MASTG-TOOL-0131

To test for dependencies with known vulnerabilities, integrate the dependency-check plugin into the Android project via Gradle. The Android project's dependencies are located in the directory `~/.gradle/caches/modules-2/files-2.1` and not in the Android project directory.
```

> The dependencies are integrated into the project at runtime but are also modified and compiled into the DEX file(s) of the APK; therefore, we must scan the dependencies in Android Studio, not the APK.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Before running the scan, obtain an API key for NVD to retrieve the latest CVE information. You can request the API key to access the NVD API from <https://nvd.nist.gov/developers/request-an-api-key>.

> !!!info
> 
>     In recent versions of @MASTG-TOOL-0131 (up to and including 12.1.1 at the time of writing), you may encounter multiple 'NoSuchMethodError' messages relating to 'ZipFile.builder()'. This can be mitigated by [pinning the  version of `org.apache.commons:commons-compress`](https://github.com/dependency-check/DependencyCheck/issues/7405#issuecomment-2785588330).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! info

    In recent versions of @MASTG-TOOL-0131 (up to and including version 12.1.1 at the time of writing), you may encounter multiple 'NoSuchMethodError' messages related to `ZipFile.builder()`. This can be resolved by [pinning the version of `org.apache.commons:commons-compress`](https://github.com/dependency-check/DependencyCheck/issues/7405#issuecomment-2785588330).
```

```

The report was generated in 3 different formats (HTML, JSON and XML) and can be found in the project directory in `app/build/reports`.

> In case there are dependencies you want to suppress, either as they are false positives or as they are not included into the APK, but might be needed to build the APK, you can use a suppression file. The following file would exclude all vulnerabilities from the package URLs `pkg:maven/io.grpc/grpc.*` and `pkg:maven/io.netty/netty.*`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Suppressing False Positives:**

If there are dependencies that you want to suppress because they are false positives or are not included in the APK but might be necessary for building the APK, you can use a suppression file. The following `suppression.xml` would exclude all vulnerabilities from the package URLs `pkg:maven/io.grpc/grpc.*` and `pkg:maven/io.netty/netty.*`:
```
